added Target user profile, value proposition, and user stories (#36)
AY2526S1-CS2103T-W12-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

**Target user profile**:

> * Real estate agents
> * Typing preferred
> * Requires fast access to large number of contacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Real estate agents
* Can type fast
* Requires fast access to large number of contacts
* Prefers typing to mouse interactions
* Is reasonably comfortable using CLI apps
```
